                           LOAN APPLICATION FORM

ACCOUNT TYPE:                     Personal

NAME:                             Sriramoju Jyothi

FATHER/SPOUSE NAME:               Gangaiah

MOTHER'S NAME:                    Sthyamma

DATE OF BIRTH:                    1991-08-07

GENDER:                           Female

MARITAL STATUS:                   Married

OCCUPATION:                       Business

NATIONALITY:                      INDIAN

RESIDENTIAL STATUS:               INDIAN

PROOF OF IDENTITY :               PAN

PAN:                              HMDPS7186B

PROOF OF ADDRESS:                 AADHAR

ADDRESS TYPE:                     PERMANENT
                                  D/O Marimadla Gangaiah, H.NO.11-87, Choppadandi Choppadandi manda
                                  l, Choppadandi, Karimnagar Andhra Pradesh, 505415
ADDRESS:

                                  11-87
                                  Choppadandi, Near water tank
CURRENT ADDRESS:                  Karim Nagar 505001
                                  TELANGANA

PHONE NUMBER:                     8179325299

EMAIL:                            prasannanjaneyaonlineservices@gmail.com

NAME OF BANK:                     INDIAN BANK

BANK A/C NO:                      6663252327

IFSC:                             IDIB000L030

NAME OF RELATED PERSON:           Saiteja

PHONE NUMBER OF RELATED PERSON:   8885646404


                                                                                 Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                 Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                 eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                 Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
                                   SUMMARY OF THE LOAN TERMS

S. No.      Particulars               Details

1           LOAN ID/ SERIAL ID        381895

2           CITY                      Karim Nagar

3           PROSPECT No.



I understand the terms of the loan to be provide to me Lender if approved as per the internal policies and
law shall be as specified below ("Loan"):

PARTICULARS                                     DETAILS

Lender:                                         As mentioned in disbursment mail

Platform:                                       www.kreditbee.in

Loan Amount:                                    1500

Rate of Interest:                               36% Per Annum

Purpose of Loan:                                Personal

Fees and Charges:                               0

Processing Fees:                                150

Service Charges:                                0

Full Prepayment Charges:                        N/A

Part Prepayment Charges:                        N/A

Default Charges:                                30.00

Cheque bounce:                                  N/A

Cheque swap:                                    N/A

Document retrieval:                             N/A

NACH Dishonor:                                  100



Banking Details for disbursal of Loan: :        As specified in the form above.




                                                                                    Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                    Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                    eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                    Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
I agree to submit the following documents for availing of Loan:


S. No.     Documents from the Applicant and the Co-Applicant (if any)                                  Status

1          PAN Card or Form 60*                                                                        PAN

2          Aadhar Card*                                                                                Aadhaar

3          Last 3 months bank statements or other income proof

4          Any other document requested by Lender



I / We further acknowledge, understands and agrees that Lender has adopted risk-based pricing, which is
arrived by taking into account, broad parameters like the customers financial and credit profile. I
understand all the terms listed above and hereby apply for the said Loan to Lender.


SELF-DECLERATION AND UNDERTAKING:


1. I hereby apply for the Loan facility from the Lender as specified above.
2. I represent that the information and details provided in this Application Form and the documents
submitted by me are true, correct and that I have not withheld any information.
3. I have read and understood the fees and charges applicable to the Loan that I may avail from time to
time.
4. I confirm that no insolvency proceedings or suits for recovery of outstanding dues have been initiated
and / or are pending against me.
5. I hereby authorize Lender to exchange or share information and details relating to this Application
Form its group companies or any third party, as may be required or deemed fit, for the purpose of
processing this loan application and/or related offerings or other products / services that I may apply for
from time to time.
6. I hereby consent to and authorize Lender to increase or decrease the credit limit assigned to me basis
Lender's internal credit policy.
7. By submitting this Application Form, I hereby expressly authorize Lender to send me communications
regarding various financial products offered by or from Lender, its group companies and / or third parties
through telephone calls / SMSs / emails / post etc. including but not limited to promotional
communications. And confirm that I shall not challenge receipt of such communications as unsolicited
communication, defined under TRAI Regulations on Unsolicited Commercial Communications under the
Do Not Call Registry.
8. I understand and acknowledge that Lender has the absolute discretion, without assigning any reasons
to reject my application and that Lender is not liable to provide me a reason for the same.
9. That Lender shall have the right to make disclosure of any information relating to me including personal
information, details in relation to Loan, defaults, security, etc. to the Credit Information Bureau of India
                                                                                        Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                        Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                        eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                        Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
(CIBIL) and/or any other governmental/regulatory/statutory or private agency / entity, credit bureau, RBI,
CKYCR, including publishing the name as part of willful defaulter's list from time to time, as also use for
KYC information verification, credit risk analysis, or for other related purposes.
10. I agree and accept that Lender may in its sole discretion, by its self or through authorised persons,
advocate, agencies, bureau, etc. verify any information given, check credit references, employment
details and obtain credit reports to determine creditworthiness from time to time.
11. That I have not taken any loan from any other bank/ finance company unless specifically declared by
me.
12. That the funds shall be used for the Purpose specified in above and will not be used for speculative or
antisocial purpose.
13. I have understood and accepted the late payment and other default charges listed above.
14. I hereby confirm that I contacted Lender for my requirement of personal loan and no representative of
Lender has emphasized me directly / indirectly to make this application for the Loan.
15. I hereby confirm having read and understood the Standard Terms and Conditions applicable to this
Loan and are signing this Application Form after understanding of each term.




                                                                                      Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                      Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                      eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                      Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
                                              STANDARD TERMS
                                           (Revolving Credit Facility)


The Borrower may apply for one or more loans by submitting the Application Form(s) and Lender as
specified in the Application Form ("Lender") may agree to grant such loan(s) (each a "Loan") that are or
will be governed by these terms and conditions ("Standard Terms") read together with the Application
Form(s), Drawdown Request(s) and MITC as exchanged between the parties (together referred to as
"Transaction Document").


1.Applicability:
The Standard Terms set out hereunder, shall if the Application Form so provides, be applicable to the
Facility provided by the Lender.


2.Definitions:
2.1. In these Standard Terms unless there is anything repugnant to the subject or context thereof, the
expressions listed below, if applicable, shall have the following meanings:
i. "Access Code(s)" means any authentication mode as approved, specified by the Lender including
without limitation combination of user name and password.
ii. "Account" means the bank account where the Loan disbursement is requested and more specifically
provided under the Application Form or Drawdown Request;
iii. "Application Form" means the loan application form submitted by the Borrower to the Lender for
applying and availing of the Facility, together with all other information, particulars, clarifications and
declarations, if any, furnished by the Borrower or any other persons from time to time in connection with
the Facility;
iv. "Availability Period" means the period of 11 (eleven) months and 15 (fifteen) days from the date of
sanction of the Facility (or such extended date as may be approved by the Lender, in its sole discretion);
v."Borrower" means jointly and severally each applicant and co-applicants (if any) and the term shall
include their successors and permitted assigns;
vi. "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for
general business in Mumbai;
vii. "Default Rate" means the rate provided as such under the Application Form;
viii. "Drawdown Request" means a request from the Borrower in a form and manner acceptable to the
Lender for seeking disbursement of Loan;
ix. "Drawing Power" means the threshold limit(s) assessed by the Lender, in its sole discretion from time
to time which shall be within the overall sanctioned limit and shall determine the amount of drawdown that
can be requested by the Borrower at any given time under the Facility;
x."Due Date" means such date(s) on which any payment becomes due and payable under the terms of
the Transaction Documents (or otherwise);
xi. "Facility" means a revolving credit facility;
                                                                                         Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                         Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                         eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                         Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
xii. "Increased Costs" means
a)a reduction in the rate of return from the Loan(s) or on the Lender's overall capital (including as a result
of any reduction in the rate of return on capital brought about by more capital being required to be
allocated by the Lender)
b)any additional or increased cost including provisioning as may be required under or as may be set out
in RBI regulations or any other such regulations from time to time; or
c)a reduction of any amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents;
xiii. "Lender" means Lender as specified in Application Form and shall include its successors and
assigns;
xiv. "Loan" means each disbursement made under the Facility;
xv. "MITC" means the most important terms and conditions reiterated by the Borrower at the time of
availing the Facility;
xvi. "Portal" shall mean such platform or portal as described in the Application Form, if any
xvii. "Purpose" shall have the same meaning as is provided in the Application Form;
xviii. "Sanctioning Authority" includes the Reserve Bank of India, Office of Foreign Assets Control of the
Department of Treasury of the United States of America, the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any combination of the foregoing;
xix. "Tenure" means the period provided as such under the Application Form.
2.2. Capitalized terms used in these Standard Terms but not defined herein, shall have the meaning
ascribed to such terms under the Application Form or Drawdown Request.


3.Sanction and Disbursement
3.1. The Lender may agree to grant the Facility to the Borrower on the basis of the information and
representations provided in the Application Form and other Transaction Documents. The Lender shall not
be obliged to provide any written acceptance to the request of the Borrower as contained in the
Application Form or any other Transaction Documents, and may do so orally or by disbursement of a
Loan (or a part thereof) requested thereunder by the Borrower. Grant of the Facility and acceptance of
the Borrower's request shall be at the absolute discretion of the Lender and the Lender shall not be
required to notify any rejection of the Application Form to the Borrower
3.2. The Borrower may request for disbursement only if (a) no Event of Default or potential event of
default has occurred or is continuing, (b) Drawdown Request during the Availability Period for an amount
not exceeding the Drawing Power has been submitted by the Borrower and (c) no material adverse event
in the opinion of the Lender has occurred.
3.3. The Borrower's request for the Facility under the Application Form and each Drawdown Request
shall be irrevocable unless rejected by the Lender.
3.4. In the event that the Lender accepts the Borrower's request for the Facility and sanctions the Facility,
the Lender may, subject to satisfaction of all the conditions precedents, disburse Loans into the Account
and the Borrower confirms that the Loan shall be utilized only for the Purpose and subject to the terms
under the Transaction Documents.
                                                                                       Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                       Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                       eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                       Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
3.5 Any such disbursement made by the Lender into the Account (whether in the name of the Borrower or
any third party) shall be a Loan under this Facility. Lender shall not be responsible for any dispute
between Borrower and any such third party.


4.Interest and other charges
4.1. The Loan(s) under the Facility shall carry interest at the rate specified in the Transaction Documents.
4.2. In case of an Event of Default, Borrower will, to the extent permitted by law, be required to pay
interest (before as well as after judgment / award) on the overdue amount to the other party on demand,
for the period from (and including) the original Due Date for payment to (but excluding) the date of actual
payment, at the Default Rate.
4.3. The Borrower acknowledge and agree that (i) the rates of interest specified in the Transaction
Documents are reasonable and that they represent genuine pre-estimates of the loss expected to be
incurred by the Lender in the event of non-payment of any monies by the Borrower; and (ii) the rate of
interest payable by the Borrower shall be subject to change prospectively based on the monetary policies
as may be changed by the Reserve Bank of India and other factors impacting the interest rates.
4.4. The Borrower shall bear all Tax including GST , other imposts, costs, charges, fees and duties
including stamp duty and relevant registration and filing charges in connection with the Finance
Documents(including any differential or additional duties and taxes which may be required pursuant to the
provisions of the applicable laws from time to time), as may be levied from time to time by the
Government or other authority including those incurred by the Lender in connection with the Facilities.
4.5. In case a credit note is issued, the borrower should adjust its GST Input Tax Credit, within the month
in which the discrepancy is communicated. If the same is not rectified by the borrower which results in
additional liability for LENDER, the same (tax and interest) will be recoverable by LENDER. Providing
correct registration number is the responsibility of the customer and LENDER will not be responsible for
verification of GSTIN. In cases where customer fails to furnish GST registration number, the customer will
be treated as unregistered.


5.Payments:
5.1. The Borrower shall make each payment under the Transaction Documents on or before the
respective Due Date. No Due Date shall exceed the Tenure of the Facility.
5.2. If the respective Due Date is not a Business Day, then the Borrower agrees that the payment shall be
made on the preceding Business Day.
5.3. All payments shall be made in freely transferable funds without any set off, counter claim or any
deduction (except to the extent that the Borrower is required by law to make payment subject to any tax
deduction at source under the applicable law). In case any such deductions are made the Borrower
agrees to deliver to the Lender, within the statutory time frame prescribed under the law or 20 (twenty)
days of the payment being made, whichever is earlier, satisfactory evidence that the tax has been
deducted at source and duly remitted to the appropriate authority.
5.4. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Lender may, at any time, without assigning any reason,
                                                                                      Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                      Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                      eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                      Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
cancel the undisbursed portion of the Facility and can also recall any or all portion of the disbursed Loan
on demand. Upon such recall, the Loan and other amounts stipulated by the Lender shall be payable
forthwith.
5.5. The Borrower shall make repayment of the principal amount under the Loan(s) in such proportion
and periodicity as may be provided in the Transaction Documents or as communicated by the Lender
from time to time.
5.6. The Borrower shall not (without the prior approval of the Lender and subject to (i) payment of
prepayment premium and (ii) giving a prior written notice, each as may be prescribed by the Lender),
prepay the outstanding principal amounts of any of the Loan(s) in full or in part, before the Due Dates.


6.Representations and Warranties:
6.1. The Borrower makes the representations and warranties set out in this Section 6.1 to the Lender, in
reliance of which the Lender may grant the Facility:
i.The Borrower has the competence and has obtained all authorizations (which is in full force and effect)
to enter into and perform under the Transaction Documents and to carry on its business and operations
as it is being or is proposed to be conducted;
ii. The Facility once granted by the Lender under Transaction Documents constitutes legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable in accordance with their respective terms;
iii. The Borrower is in compliance with all laws (including laws relating to environment, social and labour,
anti-corruption and anti-money laundering) applicable to the Parties;
iv. The entry into, delivery and performance by the Borrower of, and the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, do not and will not conflict: (a) with any law; (b) with the constitutional
documents, if any, of the Borrower; or (c) with any document which is binding upon the Borrower or on
any of its assets;
v.The Borrower has a valid agreement, engagement or arrangement with the Portal which is currently
subsisting and the Portal has not blacklisted, delisted, suspend or otherwise terminate the arrangement;
vi. Where the accounts are required to be audited under applicable law, the most recent audited accounts
of the Borrower: (a) have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting principles and
practices generally accepted and consistently applied;(b) have been duly audited by the auditors in
accordance with applicable laws (c) represent a true and fair view of its financial condition as at the date
to which they were drawn up,and there has been no material adverse effect since the date on which
those accounts were drawn up;
vii. Except to the extent disclosed to the Lender, no litigation, arbitration, administrative or other
proceedings are pending or threatened against the Borrower or its assets, which, if adversely determined,
might have a material adverse effect;
viii. (a) All information communicated to or supplied by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lender from
time to time, are true and fair/ true, correct and complete in all respects as on the date on which it was
communicated or supplied; and (b) Nothing has occurred since the date of communication or supply of
any information to the Lender which renders such information untrue or misleading in any respect;
                                                                                         Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                         Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                         eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                         Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
ix. Except to the extent disclosed to the Lender: (a) all the Borrower's contracts or agreements with, or
any commitments to, any affiliates or group companies (if applicable) are on arms' length basis; and (b)
No director/ partner/member/trustee, as the case may be, of the Borrower has been declared to be a
willful defaulter or a non-cooperative borrower;
x.The Borrower is not a specially designated national or otherwise sanctioned, under sanctions (and
related laws) promulgated by any Sanctioning Authority; and
xi. The Borrower has not taken any action and no other steps have been taken or legal proceedings
started by or against it in any court of law/ other authorities for its insolvency, bankruptcy, winding up,
dissolution, administration or re- organization or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator,
administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of the Borrower or of any or all if its assets.
6.2. Each of the representations set out in Section 6.1 shall be deemed to be repeated on each day
during the Tenure of the Facility.


7.Covenants:
7.1. The Borrower shall provide all payment mandates including but not limited to electronic clearing
service (ECS) or national automated clearing house (NACH) mandate, as and when demanded by the
Lender, to the Lender or to any person nominated by the Lender.
7.2. Borrower shall ensure that all payment mandates including post-dated cheques, electronic clearing
service (ECS) or national automated clearing house (NACH) mandate, if any, provided to the Lender or to
any person nominated by the Lender, are honored at all times and such mandates are not altered or
amended without prior permission of the Lender.
7.3. Borrower shall irrevocably instruct the Portal to deposit/ transfer all sale proceeds pertaining to the
Borrower in a designated account of the Lender. Borrower shall also provide copy of such instruction to
the Lender. Borrower also undertakes and agrees that such instruction/ authorization shall not be
amended/ withdrawn or varied without prior approval of the Lender. The Borrower acknowledges that the
priority of utilization of fund remitted in the designated account of the Lender shall be as referred in
Clause 7.20.
7.4. Borrower shall permit and facilitate inspection and audit of Borrower's premises, books and
statements of accounts and other documents as may be required, for the purposes of the Facility.
7.5. The Borrower shall maintain its existence and shall carry on its business and operations in
compliance with all applicable laws (including laws relating to environment, social and labour, anti
corruption and anti money laundering) applicable to the Parties and with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial standards and business practices.
7.6. The Borrower shall ensure that the obligations under the Transaction Documents shall at least rank
pari passu with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.
7.7. The Borrower shall, within 3 (three) Business Days of demand by the Lender, pay the amount of any
Increased Costs incurred by the Lender as a result of (i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the
interpretation, administration or application of ) any law or regulation; (ii) compliance with any law or
regulation made before or after the date of relevant Loan (including any law or regulation concerning
                                                                                          Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                          Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                          eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                          Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
capital adequacy, prudential norms, liquidity, reserve assets or tax) or (iii) in the event of the Lender being
called upon to pay any additional amount by its lending agency in terms of their respective financing
agreements or (iv) on account of factors beyond the control of the Lender.
7.8. The Borrower agrees that it shall indemnify and hold harmless the Lender, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, for all losses and liabilities (including due to claims by a third party), incurred
by the Lender as a result of any breach by it of any Transaction Documents.
7.9. Borrower shall submit the details of financials, sales details, stock and book debts statement on such
periodicity as required by the Lender.
7.10. Borrower shall promptly provide upon request of the Lender any further document/information as
may be required by the Lender.
7.11. Borrower undertakes to ensure that all information provided in the Application Form(s) shall remain
true at all times during the Tenure of the Facility.
7.12. The Borrower shall utilize the Facility for the Purpose only.
7.13. The Borrower shall not:
i.use the fund for purchase of gold in any form, (including primary gold, gold bullion, gold jewellery, gold
coins, units of gold exchange traded funds (ETF) and units of gold mutual funds).
ii. directly or indirectly: (a) use the Facility in any transaction with or for the purpose of financing the
activities of, any person/country currently subject to any sanctions by Sanctioning Authority; and (b) take
part in or financing any activity, production, use of, trade in, distribution of, or otherwise involved in any
exclusion-list; and
iii. directly or indirectly, make or offer any payment, gift or other advantage which is intended to, or does,
influence or reward any person (whether or not they are in the public sector) for acting in breach of an
expectation of good faith, impartiality or trust or otherwise performing their function improperly.
7.14. The Borrower shall provide end use certificate in a form and manner satisfactory to the Lender.
7.15. The Borrower shall put in place appropriate procedures and policies to restrict its employees,
consultants or other agents from causing breach of any conditions, covenants or undertakings under
these Standard Terms including laws relating to environment, social and labour, anti corruption and anti
money laundering.
7.16. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender in writing upon occurrence of any breach of Covenant
or representation or occurrence of Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
7.17. The Borrower shall from time to time, if required by the Lender, provide additional security, in a form
and manner satisfactory to the Lender.
7.18. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender of any breach of any representations, warranties,
covenants, undertakings or any other terms of these Standard Terms together with the steps taken to
remedy it. Upon the breach being reported, the Lender may, without prejudice to any of its rights under
law or contract, in its sole discretion recommend implementation of corrective measures to remedy such
breach in a form, manner and time as may be necessary or desirable to the Lender.
7.19. The Borrower shall ensure that throughout the Tenure of the Facility a valid agreement,
engagement or arrangement with the Portal shall subsist and the Portal has not
                                                                                          Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                          Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                          eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                          Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
blacklisted/delisted/suspended or otherwise terminated such arrangement.
7.20. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 or any other applicable law or
anything contained in the Transaction Documents, the amounts repaid by the Borrower shall be
appropriated first towards cost, charges and expenses and other monies; secondly towards interest on
cost charges and expenses and other monies; thirdly towards interest on the delayed payments; fourthly
towards interest payable under the Transaction Documents and lastly towards repayment of any principal
amounts.


8.Negative Covenants:
8.1. The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that without the prior written approval of the Lender, the
Borrower shall not:
i.Undertake or permit any merger, de-merger, or consolidation or rearrangement arrangement or
compromise with its creditors or shareholders or effect any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction
including creation of any subsidiary or permit any company to become its subsidiary;
ii. declare or pay any dividend or authorize or make any distribution to its shareholders / members /
partners or permit withdrawal of amounts brought in:(a) unless it has paid all the dues in respect of the
Facility up to the date on which the dividend is proposed to be declared or paid/ such distribution is to be
made, or has made provisions therefore satisfactory to the Lender, or (b) if an Event of Default has
occurred and is subsisting or would occur as a result of such declaration or payment of dividend or
authorization or making of distribution;
iii. pay any commission to its promoters, directors, managers or other persons for furnishing guarantees,
counter guarantees or indemnities or for undertaking any other liability in connection with the Facility; and
iv. undertake or permit to sell any undertaking or any substantial assets of the Borrower to any person.


9.Cancellation:
9.1.The Lender reserves the unconditional right to cancel the limits sanctioned without giving any prior
notice to the Borrower, on the occurrence of any one or more of the following:
i.in case the Facility (in full or in part) is not disbursed; or
ii. in case of deterioration in the creditworthiness of the Borrower (as determined by the Lender) in any
manner whatsoever; or
iii. in case of non-compliance of the Transaction Documents.


10. Event of Default:
The Borrower shall be deemed to have committed default on the occurrence of, inter-alia but not limited
to, any one or more of the following events (hereinafter referred to as "Event of Default"):
10.1. Default has occurred in the payment of any monies in respect of the Facility (whether at stated Due
Date, by acceleration or otherwise) under the terms of the Transaction Documents.
10.2. Default (other than a payment default) has occurred in the performance of any covenant, condition,
agreement or obligation on the part of the Borrower under the Transaction Documents and such default
                                                                                      Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                      Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                      eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                      Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
has continued for a period of 10 (ten) days after notice in writing thereof has been given to the Borrower
or as the case may be, to such other person, by the Lender (except where the Lender is of the opinion
that such default is incapable of remedy, in which event, no notice shall be required).
10.3. The Borrower has, or there is a reasonable apprehension that the Borrower would, voluntarily or
involuntarily become the subject of proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, or is voluntarily
or involuntarily dissolved, or declared insolvent, or if the Borrower has taken or suffered to be taken any
action for its re- organization, liquidation or dissolution or if a receiver or liquidator or a similar official has
been appointed or allowed to be appointed in respect of all or any part of the assets of the Borrower or if
an attachment or distrait has been levied on the Borrower's assets or any part thereof or certificate
proceedings have been taken or commenced for recovery of any dues from the Borrower or if one or
more judgments or decrees have been rendered or entered against the Borrower and such judgments or
decrees are not vacated, discharged or stayed for a period of 30(thirty) days, and such judgments or
decrees involve in the aggregate, a liability which could have a material adverse effect.
10.4. Death of any Borrower, or the change of constitution of the Borrower without the consent of the
Lender
10.5. Breach of any representation, warranty, declaration or confirmation made or deemed to be made
under the Transaction Documents.
10.6. The Borrower is unable or has admitted in writing its inability to pay any of its indebtedness as and
when they mature or become due.
10.7. If the Borrower ceases or threatens to cease to carry on any of its businesses in its current form
which could have a material adverse effect.
10.8. The security, if any, for the Facility is in jeopardy or ceases to have effect.
10.9. Any person acting singularly or with any other person (either directly or indirectly) acquires control of
the Borrower, without the approval of the Lender.
10.10. It is or becomes unlawful for any Borrower to perform any of its obligations under the Transaction
Documents.
10.11. An event of default howsoever described (or any event which with the giving of notice, lapse of
time, determination of materiality or fulfillment of any other applicable condition or any combination of the
foregoing would constitute an event of default) occurs under any agreement or any indebtedness of the
Borrower or becomes capable at such time of being declared, due and payable under such agreements
before it would otherwise have been due and payable.
10.12. One or more events, conditions or circumstances (including any change in law) shall occur or exist
which could have a material adverse effect.
10.13. The Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender in writing upon becoming aware of any default and
the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.


11. Consequences of Event of Default:
11.1. Upon occurrence of any Event of Default, the Lender shall be entitled at its absolute discretion to
inter alia:
                                                                                            Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                            Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                            eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                            Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
i.Call upon the Borrower to pay forthwith the outstanding balance of the Facility together with interest and
all sums payable by the Borrower to the Lender;
ii. Call upon the Borrower to pay all claims, costs, losses and expenses that may be incurred by the
Lender because of any act or default on the part of the Borrower with respect to the Facility and/or for the
recovery of the outstanding dues (including legal/attorney fee) and/or on account of failure of the
Borrower of any of the terms and conditions under the Transaction Documents;
iii. Enforce any rights available to it under any law or contract.


12. Miscellaneous:
12.1.Online Transactions:
i. For ease of operation of the Borrower, Borrower shall have the option of applying for further facilities
provided by the Lender using online secure platforms as may be specified by the Lender (hereinafter
referred to as "Online Facility").The Facility shall be extended to the Borrower subject to the Borrower
complying with the Lender's credit parameters and submitting all documents/information as may be
required by Lender in such form as may be specified by the Lender from time to time. Lender may in its
sole discretion reject the application for the facility/loan by the Borrower.
ii. It shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower to ensure that the Access Codes are not compromised
or shared with any unauthorized users.
iii. The Borrower expressly agrees and acknowledges to have read and understood the terms applicable
for usage of the Online Facility and be bound by such terms and conditions (as amended by the Lender
from time to time)at all times during the tenure of such Facility.
iv. The Lender shall have no obligation to verify the authenticity of any transaction/instruction received or
purported to have been received from the Borrower through the Online Facility or purporting to have been
sent by the Borrower other than by means of verification of the Access Codes.
v.All the records of the Lender with respect to the online request for facility arising out of the use of the
Online Facility shall be conclusive proof of the genuineness and accuracy of the transaction. While the
Lender and its affiliates shall endeavor to carry out the instructions promptly, they shall not be responsible
for any delay in carrying on the instructions due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of
operational systems or any requirement of law.
vi. Borrower can check the availability of a pre-approved offer that may be made by the Lender through
Online Facility. Any pre-approved offer by the Lender does not constitute grant of facility to the Borrower
and shall be subject to the terms as may be specified by Lender from time to time.
vii. Borrower acknowledges and accepts that the Lender may permit/allow anybody quoting the correct
Access Codes and other details to conduct the type of operations which are permitted under the Online
Facility.
12.2. Notices
Any notice or request to be given or made by a party to the other shall be in writing. Such notice or
request shall be deemed to have been duly received by the party to whom it is addressed if it is given or
made at the address specified below or at such other address as may be agreed from time to time:
                                                                                        Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                        Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                        eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                        Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
For the Lender:
Registered office at Registered Address specified in the Application Form.


For the Borrower:
The address as stated in the Application Form.
The Lender may also agree to act on the basis of request made via registered email address of the
Borrower.
Provided however that a notice or communication to any Borrower shall be deemed to be a notice or
communication to other Borrower(s).
12.3. Any and all claims and disputes arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents or
its performance shall be settled by arbitration by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the Lender. The
venue of arbitration shall be in Mumbai. The arbitration shall be conducted under the provisions of the
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 or any statutory modification or re enactment thereof for the time
being in force and the award of such arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Borrower and the
Lender.
12.4. The Lender shall, without prejudice to any of its specific rights under any other agreements with the
Borrower, at its sole discretion, be at liberty to apply any other money, amounts, securities and other
property of the Borrower (whether singly or jointly with another or others) in possession of the Lender or
any of its subsidiary/ affiliate/ associate company in or towards payment of the dues under Facility
granted under the Transaction Documents. The borrower can avail Online Facility on the Portal.
12.5. The Lender shall be entitled at the sole risk and cost of the Borrower to engage one or more
person(s) to collect the Borrower's dues and shall further be entitled to share such information, facts and
figures pertaining to the Borrower as the Lender deems fit. The Lender may also delegate to such
person(s) the right and authority to perform and execute all such acts, deeds, matters and things
connected herewith, or incidental thereto, as the Lender may deems fit. The Borrower recognizes,
accepts and consents to such delegation.
12.6. The Lender shall have the right to disclose or publish any information regarding the Borrower or
guarantor(s) (if any) and any information and documents that they might possess from time to time to:
i.any of its branches or with other banks, financial institutions, Credit Information Bureau of India Limited,
credit reference or rating agencies/bureaus or other individuals/entities either in response to their credit
inquiries directed to the Lender or in the event of the Borrower not complying with any terms and
conditions herein or otherwise;
ii. the Reserve Bank of India and/or any other statutory authority or official of the Government of India or
that of any other state.
12.7. The Borrower shall not assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits or obligations under the
Transaction Documents. The Lender may, at any time, assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits
and obligations under the Transaction Documents.
12.8. In case of default committed by the Borrower, the Lender may also disclose and publish the
information about the Borrower and its default with the Lender in the public domain including through
                                                                                       Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                       Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                       eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                       Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
social media.
12.9. The Borrower acknowledges that the Lender has or may have business and other transactions with
third parties (including those who are in the business of manufacturing, supplying or otherwise dealing
with any asset being financed by the proceeds of this Facility) and hereby waives any conflict of interest
that it may have on such arrangement. Further, the Borrower acknowledges that any contract or
arrangement between the Lender and such third parties are independent of these Standard Terms.
12.10. The Lender reserves the right to amend the terms of these Standard Terms (except amendment to
Rate of Interest) by intimating the same to the Borrower. Rate of Interest shall not be changed without
prior consent of the Borrower.




                                                                                     Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                     Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                     eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                     Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
To
Lender
                                      SUB:DRAWDOWN REQUEST
1. Capitalized terms used hereunder shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the application form
dated 2018-08-30 for grant of a "Digital Finance- Revolving Credit Fixed Term (EMI) (the "Application
Form") and the Standard Terms as referred therein.
2. I hereby request a Loan of 1500/- (Rupees only) in the below mentioned Account :

Name of the Beneficiary Sriramoju Jyothi

Name of the Bank           INDIAN BANK

Account Holder Name        Sriramoju Jyothi

Account Number             6663252327

Type of Account            Savings

IFSC Code                  IDIB000L030

MICR Code                  NA

4. I hereby confirm that no Event of Default or potential event of default has occurred or is continuing.
5. This Drawdown Request is irrevocable. I shall not refuse to accept disbursement of the Loan, except
with approval of the Lender.
I hereby confirm that I authorize Lender to deduct Processing Fee of 150/- from the disbursal amount
mentioned above
I hereby confirm that I have provided a cheque of NA towards payment of processing fees


I hereby confirm that I authorize Lender to deduct Insurance Premium payble of N/A/- from the disbursal
amount mentioned above and transfer it to the insurer.
I hereby confirm that I have provided a cheque of NA towards payment of Insurance premium to the
insurer.


Yours faithfully,
For




                                                                                      Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                      Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                      eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                      Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
                                               ANNEXURE A
                      THE MOST IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITONS - MITC
1. We refer to the application form dated 2018-08-30 ("Application Form") for grant of the Loan described
below.
2. Capitalized terms used but not defined hereunder shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in other
Transaction Documents.
3. The Borrower acknowledges and confirms that the below mentioned are the most important terms and
conditions in the application for the Loan (and which would apply to the Borrower in respect of the Loan, if
the request for the Loan is accepted by the Lender) and they shall be read in conjunction with the
Application Form(s), drawdown request(s) and the Standard Terms):

Borrower                        Sriramoju Jyothi

Facility                        Revolving Credit

Facility Type                   Personal Loan

Max Amount Sanctioned           Max Credit Line 1500/-

Purpose                         Personal use

Tenure                          15 daily

Rate of Interest ( p.a %)       36%p.a. at fixed rate of interest / 3.00 % p.m.

EMI Amount                      1522

Repayment                       EMI

Risk Category                   Low

Loan Amount                     1500

4. The Borrower understands that the Lender has adopted risk-based pricing, which is arrived by taking
into account, broad parameters like the customers financial and credit profile. Further, the Borrower
acknowledges and confirms that the Lender shall have the discretion to change prospectively the rate of
interest and other charges applicable to the Loan.
5. The Borrower acknowledges and confirms having received a copy of each Transaction Document and
agrees that this letter is a Transaction Document.




                                                                                    Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                    Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                    eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                    Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
ACKNOWELDEGEMENT: Lender acknowledges receipt of your Application Form together with the
Standard Term We will revert within 5 working days subject to furnishing the necessary documents to
Lender's satisfaction.


CC details:




                                                                                 Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
                                                                                 Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
                                                                                 eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
                                                                                 Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
Signed by: Marimadla Jyothi
Reason: Availing loan by Krazybee Services Pvt Ltd
eSigned using Aadhaar (digio.in)
Date: 2018-08-30 15:35:16 IST
